Usage model: Students as Users:1. Users will be prompted to enter the username and password2. On successful login, user can select the desired option from the available list of services provided as belowa. Book an Appointment with the professorb. Cancel your appointmentc. Take online examd. View/download the reference materialse. Connect with your fellow classmates3. Book an appointment: Students shall select the required time slot from the available options. If the demanded timeslot has already been booked by another student, the current student shall be prompted to choose another slot.  4. Cancel your appointment: The cancelled slot will be made available for other students to make bookings.5. Take online exam: Students will be provided with the question bank. On the completion of the examination, the answers given by the student are evaluated and the result for the same is displayed right after the submission of the exam by the student.6. View and download reference materials: Students will be provided with the list of available reference materials. User can select the desired document to view or may download it for future reference.7. Connect with your fellow classmates: Students will be provided with the list of other students who are currently logged in to portal and they can communicate with each other using live chat.Professor as user:1. Users will be prompted to enter the username and password. Professor shall login to the portal with the ‘admin’ credentials.2. On successful login, user can select the desired option from the available list of services.a. Insert student datab. Delete student datac. Update office hoursd. Add new teste. Upload new document3. Insert/Delete student data: User will be prompted to enter the student id to be added or deleted from the portal. The backend storage will be updated with these details.4. Update office hours: Professor shall enter the new office hours (time slots) which will be updated in backend storage.5. Add new test: User may upload a new test bank in the portal6. Upload new document: User can upload new documents in the portal ,which students can access for reference. Defined Services:The entire application can be divided in to two modules, Administrator and Students.Administrator Module:1. Logging in to the portal as ‘admin’2. Add//Delete student details3. Update the professor’s office hours4. Add objective/subjective tests5. Add new reference materialsStudent Module:1. Logging in to the portal2. Book an appointment with the professor3. Take an online exam (objective/subjective)4. View/Download reference materials5. Live communication with other students who are logged into the portalUsage model: Students as Users:1. Users will be prompted to enter the username and password2. On successful login, user can select the desired option from the available list of services provided as belowa. Book an Appointment with the professorb. Cancel your appointmentc. Take online examd. View/download the reference materialse. Connect with your fellow classmates3. Book an appointment: Students shall select the required time slot from the available options. If the demanded timeslot has already been booked by another student, the current student shall be prompted to choose another slot.  4. Cancel your appointment: The cancelled slot will be made available for other students to make bookings.5. Take online exam: Students will be provided with the question bank. On the completion of the examination, the answers given by the student are evaluated and the result for the same is displayed right after the submission of the exam by the student.6. View and download reference materials: Students will be provided with the list of available reference materials. User can select the desired document to view or may download it for future reference.7. Connect with your fellow classmates: Students will be provided with the list of other students who are currently logged in to portal and they can communicate with each other using live chat.Professor as user:1. Users will be prompted to enter the username and password. Professor shall login to the portal with the ‘admin’ credentials.2. On successful login, user can select the desired option from the available list of services.a. Insert student datab. Delete student datac. Update office hoursd. Add new teste. Upload new document3. Insert/Delete student data: User will be prompted to enter the student id to be added or deleted from the portal. The backend storage will be updated with these details.4. Update office hours: Professor shall enter the new office hours (time slots) which will be updated in backend storage.5. Add new test: User may upload a new test bank in the portal6. Upload new document: User can upload new documents in the portal ,which students can access for reference. Defined Services:The entire application can be divided in to two modules, Administrator and Students.Administrator Module:1. Logging in to the portal as ‘admin’2. Add//Delete student details3. Update the professor’s office hours4. Add objective/subjective tests5. Add new reference materialsStudent Module:1. Logging in to the portal2. Book an appointment with the professor3. Take an online exam (objective/subjective)4. View/Download reference materials5. Live communication with other students who are logged into the portal